Text 0
There are candles all over this mansion. 

And, yeah, it costs you nothing to light them and it'll make it easier to see, sure. But it'll make it easier for everything else out there to see you, too.

Plus, it's just plain bad luck to have that many candles lit. You're likely to burn this whole place down.

Light the candles, but don't go nuts out there.

*
Text 1
The blue mass here is as pure as is possible. 

At this level, it hardly can be considered a medicine anymore. At any reasonable dosage, it is more poison than anything. 10 milligrams could fell a bull. 

I'm not sure what exactly to do with it. It has no medicinal applications but seems a waste to just toss it. Maybe it could have military uses? A bullet soaked in this blue mass could drop even the most monstrous of beasts. I could try that out in my lab.

Still, I can't just leave it around. Something like this needs to stay locked up.
*
Text 2
Hey. Sorry to leave you all alone like this. But if you're reading this, that means you're at least feeling well enough again to walk about.

I'm not really sure what happened but I think one of the privates mixed up some of their pills with ones the old owner left in the house. A couple of hours later and all things went to hell. He went off and starting attacking the other patients. Acted like he lost his mind. 

It's been a few hours now and I don't hear much out there besides a couple of groans every once in a while. I'm gonna go out and see if I can find anybody still alright out there. If I'm not back before you read this, I've left a gun and a knife for you on the table to your left. The key to the door is back behind you.

Hopefully, I'll be back before you even can get up and see this. If not, get to the foyer and use the large door to get out of here. 

		- Alberto

*
Text 3

If you forget the code to the chest up in the servants' quarters, this puzzle should help clear it up.

5 3 4 | 6 7 8 | 9 1 2
6 7 2 | 1 9 5 | 3 4 8
  9 8 | 3 4 2 | 5 6 
--------------------------
8 5 9 | 7 6 1 | 4 2 3
4 2 6 | 8   3 | 7 9 1
7 1 3 | 9 2 4 | 8 5 6
--------------------------
9 6 1 | 5 3 7 | 2 8 4
2 8 7 | 4 1   | 6 3 5
3 4 5 | 2 8 6 | 1 7 9

*
Text 4
I've moved the old chest out from the attic and into the game room. That much ammo just shouldn't be left lying around. I'd rather have it locked up safe.

If Acker has an issue with it, let me know. 

It's an old chest he got years ago, back in the "good" days. It was from when he helped structure all of the ancillary information for the derby and their game day schedules and programming. AI for Game Programming, I think they called it. The code should be something with that, too.

I think it'll be fine for us to use.
*
Text 5
Try all your might, death will not be beat.
Attempts may be tried but all end in defeat.

Ozymandias knew this to be true.
There is little left once life is through.

You might live longer through other means.
Whether through memory, works, or other things.

But even those one day will fade.
The mightiest effort amounts just to a delay.

Life limb, even memory, they never last.
In the end, all become the past.

*
Text 6
My secrets are mine and mine alone. 

No one was there to help me create blue mass and they are all gone again now while it wanes.

The only ones there for me now are the three guardians keeping my secret safe.

Whatever I come up with, I'll make sure the credit only goes to me. My stone guardians will help guarantee that.
*
Text 7
These living arrangements are awful. I know I ought to be thankful that we're out of the cold but being a servant here seems only a small step above being homeless. 

At least being homeless, I could go wherever I wanted whenever I wanted. Here, I'm stuck with a half dozen others in a tiny room at the constant beck and call of Acker. I swear, he didn't move us out of the cabin out back because it was falling apart. He did it just to have easier access to berate us. Just because he got rich selling medicine during the war, it doesn't mean he's better than us. Besides, no one buys his stuff during peace time. I bet most of his money is gone at this point. Maybe, he'll end up homeless and have to be MY servant someday.

*
Text 8
Blue Mass just doesn't work over the counter. It goes bad too quickly. It wasn't an issue during the war since it was being used as fast as we could make it. But now, in this supposed peace time, it loses basically all efficacy by the time it reaches store shelves. It becomes useless and has a myriad of side effects.
Some variations have merit to them but not enough. The money will run out long before I find a solution. My old "partners" are watching at this point wanting to know what I'm making. They took all the credit for my original creation but whatever the results are from these new versions, all the credit goes to me.
Even if they found my lab where I work on everything, they won't find my creations. I've got those locked up in the room off the west hall nowhere near the lab. Gotta remember the code is 1873, though.
*
Text 9 


:  Move Character
:  Open Inventory
:  Use Equipped Item
:  Interact with Object
:  Pause Game
:  Sprint
:  Jump
:  Cycle Equippable Items
:  Swap to Equippable Item
:  Toggle Crouch

WASD
Tab
Mouse Click
E
Escape
Shift
Space Bar
Scroll Wheel
Number Keys
Control

*